Add a new 2D interaction mode (#2858)
f3d-app/f3d: doc/user/04-INTERACTIONS.md

> [!NOTE]
> When playing an animation with a scene camera, camera interactions are locked.

## 2D Mode

F3D supports a 2D interaction mode designed for viewing images and flat content. In 2D mode:

- Rotation is disabled
- _Click and drag_ with the _left_ or _middle_ mouse button to pan
- _Click and drag_ with the _right_ mouse button or use the _mouse wheel_ to zoom

> Cycle interaction styles with <kbd>K</kbd> or through the `--interaction-style=2d` CLI option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select 2D interaction styles by pressing <kbd>K</kbd> or through the `--interaction-style=2d` CLI option.
```

- <kbd>D</kbd>: the denoiser when raytracing.
- <kbd>U</kbd>: background blur, useful with an HDRI skybox.
- <kbd>K</kbd>: trackball interaction mode.

> - <kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>K</kbd>: 2D interaction mode (pan/zoom only, no rotation).

Reviewer: cycle between these three make more sense to me ?

> - <kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>K</kbd>: 2D interaction mode (pan/zoom only, no rotation).

Reviewer: outdated
